docs: updated readme for 2u/release contributions (#3927)
openedx/ecommerce: docs/decisions/0008-master-branch-split.rst

8. Master branch split from 2u/main
------------------------------------------------------------

Status
------

Accepted

Context
-------

> Both 2U and Openedx use ecommerce's master branch for releases. Occasionally, changes

Reviewer: i see your change and raise you:`the Open edX community`

specific to 2U's business case are merged into code, which also influences the structure
of the code that the community runs, even if the changes are not relevant or beneficial
to the community at large.

Additionally, 2U has internal compliance checks that can slow the release cycle of
major changes to ecommerce (e.g. django 4.2). This puts Openedx at risk of releasing
with deprecated packages.

Decision
--------

A new protected branch will be created named "2u/main", which 2U will continue to use

> as its own main branch, while leaving "master" branch to the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as its own main branch, while leaving the "master" branch for use by the community.
```

Consequences
------------

This allows the community to move forward with contributions on "master" without risk of
breaking functionality for 2U or 2U committing changes to "master" that are irrelevant or
otherwise inappropriate for the community's use case.

> Because protected branches in ecommerce require a user with Write access to the repository,

Reviewer 3: Could we add this information to the README? I am not sure it's clear master will now only rely on community review only. We could separate the "How to Contribute" section into Open Source and 2U contributions

Reviewer: For what it's worth, how the community wants to interact with ecommerce is actually still an open question (most likely for Axim) that has been raised already. I'm not sure I could really add specifics around community review and master other than "2U wont be doing it" 🤔

the "master" branch will now require someone from the community to review and manage
code contributions to that branch.

Rejected Alternatives
---------------------

Repo fork
~~~~~~~~~

Why not fork the repo entirely? 2U and the community use a shared set of tools for
working in development environments. While working from separate branches and repo
forks are functionally equivalent, working in separate branches allows for
minimal updates to shared tooling to support this change. One can simply checkout a

> branch name, without needing the tooling to be updated to know about non Openedx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
branch name, without needing the tooling to be updated to know about non-openedx
```
